Date: 6/21/22

Author 1:

Online Identity: SeaRage84 
Affiliation: Boss DAO
Role: Holder

Proposal Summary
As part of good risk management and asset allocation, I propose we move away from the Whitepaper ascribed investment of 50% of mint proceeds going to BCRC assets.  This
would apply to the current 40k ada sitting in our treasury wallet that was earmarked for BCRC assets as well.

Proposal Details
During Holders Only calls over the course of the last couple weeks, the subject of over allocation of funds to one project has been brought up.  The concern being that 
BossDAO's original stated investment thesis, investing 50% of mint proceeds to to BCRC assets, leaves the DAO open to an abundance of risk being that heavily invested 
in one project.  For example, if we minted out the full 10k of BossDAO Governance Tokens at an average price of 150 ADA, this would equal 750k invested in one project.  
This could be huge if BCRC does what we all hope and want it to do, succeed.  But if something happens where BCRC doesn't live up to our expectations and the project 
falters, it could do irreprabable harm to the DAO and all of its holders.  

Coming from a world of traditional finance, I would never recommend any client hold 50% of any asset in their portfolio, and could be in breach of my fiduciary duty to my
client if I did so.

What will the BossDAO do?

What I recommend doing, is moving forward we hold no more than 10% in any one project.  In the cases like Boss Cat, this would include land, rockets or any other subsequent
asset the project spins up.  This means that moving forward, we would no longer by default invest 50% of our mint proceeds in Boss Cat assets.  Subsequent investments 
would be subject to proposal and vote or potentially the investment team could invest using the discretionary spending proposal if a good opportunity came about.  This
also means that moving forward, mint proceed split will be 75% investment, 25% to the team.

Why should the BossDAO do this?
The primary reason for this will be to mitigate risk to the DAO by spreading our investments.  Side benefits of this however would be that eachmint, the DAO will 
have additional funds to invest in other projects.  Additional benefits to this would be these additional projects holders will get exposed to BossDAO and may become 
holders.  More holders theoretically should help support additional minting of our project along with helping with keeping a higher floor price for our own NFTs 
along with helping with giving our Launchpad projects more eyes to succeed.

What does the DAO look to gain?
The DAO looks to gain a reduced risk and dependency on one project.  It also will gain exposure to more projects, investors and give a wider exposure to the CNFT market
at large.
